Filter conditions are case sensitive.md (#6963)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/destination-filters.md

#### How do destination filters handle Protocols Transformations?
  - **Source-Scoped Transformations**: If destination filters are enabled, Segment processes [source scoped transformations](/docs/protocols/transform/#step-2-set-up-the-transformation) before the events reach destination filters.
  - **Destination-Scoped Transformations**: Segment processes [destination-specific transformations](/docs/protocols/transform/#step-2-set-up-the-transformation)  after the events have passed through the destination filters.

> #### Are destination filter conditions case sensitive?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Are destination filter conditions case-sensitive?
```

> Yes. Make sure to test your filter conditions with a test event before saving and enabling the filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Destination filters are case-sensitive. Make sure to test your filter conditions with a test event before saving and enabling the filter.
```
